Scraping:
How can you modify the provided code to scrape latte prices for all assigned countries?
  I would move from searchign by individual country to searching by the sreies values and looking for returned strings.

How would you handle issues like inconsistent data formats during scraping?
  Python has the ability to automatically identify things like different date formats with the proper code so I would just do that. The option od downloading the CSV and then edditng it in Excel is also there.

Analysis:
Does the Starbucks Latte Index align with the Big Mac Index? Why or why not?
  It aligns pretty well. The consistent trend of developing countries having undervalued meals persists although the fluctiation seems to be reduced with the BigMac index. This could probably be explianed by a BigMac beign seen as food and thus a nessecity while a late is seen as a luxury.

How does the choice of product (latte vs. Big Mac) affect the results?
  The latte is more expensive when adjusted for PPP which makes sense seeing it is a luxury product. 

Do you notice any unexpected outliers in the Starbucks Latte Index? What could explain them?
  Chile is a massive outlier in the data. I assume that this has soemthing to do with either import retrictions or the exchange rate being incorrect on Google.

Reflection:
What do the differences between the two indices reveal about economic factors like pricing strategies, local costs, or cultural preferences?
  Starbucks has the ability to price more agresibely due both to its luxury status and its cultural draw. The allure of what is viewed as a "prestige" American brand can help them drive prices higher compared ot McDonalds which is viewed as less prestigous. The data also shows that Starbucks and McDonalds are most likely pricing their products lower in developing countries becasue they are trying to sieze market share in virgin markets while western and east asian markets are already mature and so they have market domiancne or their growth potential is limited. 
